---
layout: post
title: "Week 13"
date: 2016-11-20
tags: [swe-extra-credit]
comments: true
---

**What did you do this past week?**

Work on the final phase of IDB.

**What's in your way?**

Seemingly endless stream of homework.

**What will you do next week?**

Work on homework for other classes even through Thanksgiving break and start making a gameplan for the homework for the next class.

---
**Experiences in Class**

Class is finally starting to wind down and feel less hectic. The lecture on Monday and Friday were must another discussion about refactoring. 

On Wednesday, Spiceworks came in and talked about similar stuff to what Pariveda and JPL had discussed in their labs. The folks at Spiceworks opened with why Spiceworks is a great place to work, what they're looking for when they're hiring, and how improve your chances of getting a job.

Finally on Thursday we submitted our phase 3 for IDB project. I fixed some of the front-end bugs finally.

This upcoming week is Thanksigivng, but unfortunately I will have to play catch up on my other homework assignments. My other assignments will be much more fun, engaging, and less stressful than the projects I have had to work on for this class. However, it doesn't mean that we only have to worry about the final for this class that we will be taking in two weeks. Instead the Software Engineering class also will have to give a presentation about the project we have been working on for the past month, unlike Object Oriented Programming class.

In addition, our project for this past project also needed to interact with another group's API, and we will also rate the API.

---

**Tip(s)-of-the-week**

Try not to get a caffiene addiction during finals week.