---
layout: post
title: "Week 1"
date: 2016-08-27
excerpt: "A ton of text to test readability."
tags: [sample post, readability, test]
comments: true
---

###What did you do this past week?
Flew back in from California this past Saturday and have been slowly moving out of my parents place again. Recruiting season is coming up so I'll be.

###What's in your way?
This Austin weather. I was very spoiled by the Bay area weather and it took me a couple days to adjust. Even then I feel like I don't really go outside if I don't have to between the hours of 12-4pm since it's sweltering. I had grown up in Austin in so I knew it was hot, but I had never known wha it was like to be someplace warm without humidity.


###What will you do next week?
Since I am pretty much done moving out, I'll be more focused on getting ahead on school and/or interview prep. I also want to get back to working out. A healthy body (generally) leads to a healthy mind.

Getting my Jekyll site up was a bit of a pain just because I had multiple versions of Ruby and had to deal with rbenv. This wouldn't have been an issue if I had not switched Jekyll themes, since I did not have to install extra gems. I had installed some gems in order to do some Ruby on Rails projects that I don't quite recall. In the end my `rbenv shell` had not been set on my `.bash_profile`.


[Downing's class](https://www.cs.utexas.edu/users/downing/cs373/Grading.html) has . Of course you can always go to this website () to check out the current syllabus, which doesn't seem to change too much in terms of structure.

Downing did introduce a new policy regarding attendance. Now you can only drop a quiz (which are given daily at the beginning of class) only if you attended the class. This really hurts people who are at the end of their college careers and beginning to search for full time jobs.When asked about the policy, we were just told to not schedule interviews during class time.


###Tip(s)-of-the-week
Jekyll actually is pretty cool. If you don't have a personal website, I highly recommend checking out Jekyll to build one. It was very easy to set up.

My second tip is to downloda a markdown editor. This will give you a preview of what you are typing and will make typing `README.md`'s and jekyll posts much easier. I installed [MacDown](http://macdown.uranusjr.com/) with [Brew](http://macdown.uranusjr.com/), but MacDown is not perfect. I've also set up a Github markdown editor for Sublime because it can preview the Markdown as if it is to be displayed on Github.
