---
layout: post
title: "Week 5"
date: 2016-09-25
tags: [swe-extra-credit]
comments: true
---

**What did you do this past week?**

Career fair

**What's in your way?**

The stress of preparing for career fair and trying to finish all of my assignments due this week on time caused me to have a bloody nose.

**What will you do next week?**

Interviews, get ahead for the busy weeks in school.

---
**Experiences in Class**

I didn't find Monday too memorable, but that was probably because I wanted to focus on getting as much of Netflix project done. We had just finished getting everything to print out, but the solution did not print out RMSE with a value less than 1.00 like the spec required.

On Wednesday we had an alumni who is working at JPL come and talk about the latest things that he had been working on. It was a great talk and much more useful than the Bloomberg talk. Later I overheard that JPL tends to recruit late, and the alumni was partly there in hopes of recruiting interested individuals before all of the competitive students are snatched up by the other companies that begin recruiting sooner.

On Thursday Netflix was due at 10pm. I anticipate getting extra credit for this project because I worked with a partner and also got the RMSE under 0.95, whereas the bareminimum was to get it under 1.00.

I checked the calendar for an idea of what we will be doing within the next few weeks, and I am a bit relieved and also anxious because we will not be having a project to work on for the next two weeks. Instead we have our first exam in two weeks on a Thursday evening outside of class. I am not happy about having to take an exam outside of class time, as I also will have to miss a class in order to take this exam. I could try to ask 

---
**Tip(s)-of-the-week**

Try going to meetups for a topic you've never explored before.