---
layout: post
title: "Week 11"
date: 2016-11-06
tags: [swe-extra-credit]
comments: true
---

**What did you do this past week?**

Work on IDB2 (Project 5)

**What's in your way?**

Extreme stress is making me ill. Rainy weather makes me very sleepy.

**What will you do next week?**

Relax a bit more and get caught up in my other classes.

---
**Experiences in Class**

This weeks class material has been related to SQL. I'm finding that a lot of the "difficulty" when it comes to SQL has to do with understanding and knowing the differences between the different joins. I had to miss class on Wednesday for an interview, but I imagine Wednesdays discussion was also SQL based on the files on the schedule and the lecture on Monday and Friday.

IDB2, or project 5, was also due this past Thursday. I had been in a situation where I was very unhappy working on the project with my group. Due to milestones on this project not being met in a timely fashion, I had to skip work a couple times. This meant I had to make up my work on the weekend. I had been reluctant to talk to Downing about the situation, since I was not sure what he would be able to do to help with the situation. He had been unforgiving for things such as absences, how would he react to a project being unfinished due to a breakdown in our project group's organization?

Friday after class, during his office hours, I discussed with Downing my situation. He was very forgiving and extended the deadline to Saturday at 10PM. He suggested I take the final phase of the project in a much more relaxed approach. He also suggested I do not skip work agian for a class project giving I had already given time slots I am available to work on the project. Part of the reason we may have had problems with this project was that I took the role of the "leader" for the second phase. We are supposed to have a new project leader for each phase, and I did not trust they they would get tasks done in a timely manner. In the future I plan on reporting directly to our chosen project leader, and setting stricter boundaries for myself/

---
**Tip(s)-of-the-week**

Don't be afraid to talk to your professor about your problems. It never hurts to ask things.