---
layout: post
title: "Week 3"
date: 2016-09-10
tags: [swe-extra-credit]
comments: true
---

**What did you do this past week?**

School and work. Also went to the doctor and optometrist. My health is okay.

**What's in your way?**

It's mildly rainy again, making it hard to get out of bed when I should.

**What will you do next week?**

More school, more work, and more interview prep.

---
**Experiences in Class**

Labor day was on Monday so we had no school that day.

Most students started working on project 1, which was assigned last week. I definitely should have made the time to go to office hours. We had to make sure it was able to pass Sphere's (online code judge) tests. For the longest time I was stuck because I was missing `if __name__ == "__main__":`. 

Downing lecture styles involves "conversing" with a student he calls on in class. This week he called on students who had not read the piazza posts. He'd call student X. "X, there are currently 60 posts on piazza and you have read none. Can you do better?". Downing heavily encourages participation in all things, an aspect I like about Downing. He often posts on piazza all sorts of opportunities I may not have considered or heard about otherwise. For example, we had a speaker come in to talk about Longhorn seminar last week. This week he posted ACM's competitve programming contest and a talk by Google.

We're to be assigned project 2 soon. For project 2 we will be able to work with a partner, making use of all the pair programming concepts we learned about in the readings this past week.

---
**Tip(s)-of-the-week**

Get some exercise everyday. I feel my mood and clarity of mind suffers when I don't get exercise.
