---
layout: post
title: "Week 8"
date: 2016-10-16
tags: [swe-extra-credit]
comments: true
---

**What did you do this past week?**

Working on my many assignments and preparing for the upcoming busy weeks.

**What's in your way?**

Many overlapping deadlines.

**What will you do next week?**

Trying to finish the first phase of the new project.

---
**Experiences in Class**

We still haven't received the grades for the exams yet, which makes me nervous. Right now many students are experiencing hell weeks since it is mid semester, but it seems we are more than halfway through.

This week we continued to learn more about the intricate features of Python such as Decorators. I have been having difficulty remembering some of the concepts from last week such as argument unpacking and unloading which we are building upon, which our quizzes have been about this past week. 

Most groups also started working on the project that was assigned last week. By now we have chosen the groups we will be in with until the end of the semester, and most groups have selected a topic. Unforutnately our topics have been rejected/taken already by other groups so my group is still struggling to come up with a topic. I find the topics are difficult to choose since Downing does not see any value in anything Entertainment related in addition to having six other members to confirm the topic with. Once we agree on a topic, we must also select four models that topic can be broken down with, and five attributes per model. These attributes must also reference other models.

It also seems that we will be using many more tools than the previous classes in our projects. We must use Slack for our team communication, and make use of the slack integrations. I am finding that many of these "tedious" actions are used in "the real world" on the job, so it is good that we are able to learn this and establish these habits while we are still in school.

---
**Tip(s)-of-the-week**

Always keep a trash bag in your backpack. It can come handy for carrying wet clothes or can be placed on top of your things inside your backpack if you're caught in the rain without an umbrella.