---
layout: post
title: "Week 9"
date: 2016-10-23
tags: [swe-extra-credit]
comments: true
---

**What did you do this past week?**

Work on IMD project and attend HackTX.

**What's in your way?**

Nothing at the moment. I finished most of my homework early!

**What will you do next week?**

More interviewing, getting ahead on IMD Phase 2.

---
**Experiences in Class**

The Grace Hopper conference, a conference for women in Technology and Computing, happened this past Wendesday-Friday. Many of the females in our class were away.

Again during the class itself I find myself learning more about the intricacies of Python.

On Thursday we turned in Phase 1 of IMD, the third project for this class. I was in a group with six other students that we had a choice in choosing. We created a website using flask, grabbed data from sites that have APIs for start ups and jobs, and then set up the front-end using React. Unlike the other projects, we did not need continuous integration this project. We did have to create a UML diagram, which wouldn't be too difficult if you kept up with the readings. The readings for the past month had been basd on UML and extreme programming, methodology with overlaps to Agile and extreme emphasis on pair programming.

As for the readings, I've noticed that they are starting to becoem more relevant to previous readings we had. Thankfully half of these readings are given to us as web links, reducing the amount of textbooks we need to purchase. If it isn't clear by now based on my previous posts, the readings are quite important to doing well in the class quizzes.

---
**Tip(s)-of-the-week**

Attend Hackathons! They're a great time to get fed while you get to work on something you've never worked on before in a safe educational environment. Sometimes they help you get jobs.